W-13899064 Review and test Slack integration tutorials (#109)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/add-condition-to-your-flow.adoc

> Before you begin, ensure you:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you begin:
```

> To configure the `when` element, you must first configure an Email Connector:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the `when` element, you must first configure operations from the Anypoint Connector for Email (Email Connector):
```
